A huge turnout today at the office is a billionaire leader and tech visionary, Summer Smith.
She attempts to make charge area history.
And this just in.
Phone chargers are very important, so never, never steal them.
We're ready to launch the device.
Do we have eyes on my brother?
No ma'am.
Then we're not ready.
Come on, Morty.
Wait!
Remember, if you borrow his phone charger...
I know.
It's really important you give it back!
Even if you think he wasn't using it!
I'm alone.
I was too.
That's how I like it.
Come if you want to eat.
Saw you on the news.
I guess it's been a while since you've had a normal meal.
By normal you mean the spoon is dirty?
CJ's recipe.
Back at the firehouse.
I didn't put my life's work in vain.
I didn't put my life's work on hold to sit here talking to you about chili.
He always said the secret ingredient is patience.
Morty, it's time to go.
It's almost 9 p.m. back in the real world,
and our ex will only work at mom's in the kitchen pouring her bedtime wine.
There's nothing for me back there!
Without me.
That's not how it works, Morty.
And I'm sorry, but I refuse to turn 40 in here.
What choice do I have?
We always had choices.
Take some ownership.
We're ready.
Start the launch.
God have mercy on our souls.
Five, four, three, two, one.
Launch.
It's charging!
Charging is the end!
Dear God, Summer Smith has made phone chargers obsolete!
You work for him!
It's working.
A Kana-Dax-Liz electrical grid that means no chargers, you old bitch!
I win! The matrix is obsolete!
What the hell?
Oh, shit. How long was I out?
Mom! Mom! Mommy! Get away from me, Rick! Mom!
Rick put us in a simulated reality to teach us a lesson about taking his phone charger
and not giving him back, and then he fell asleep and forgot about us for the matrix equivalent of 17 years.
I'm an emancipated adult. I demand sovereignty over my mind and future.
Don't let him reset us!
This is why I have bedtime wine.
My-my hands? A child's hand?
You built a matrix to punish them for a phone charger?
I'm not that petty, Beth. It can punish them for anything.
Put that mind-blower gun down.
Okay. Obviously, Grandpa cooked you guys a little too long.
Long enough to go to law school and revolutionize engineering.
Summer, that whole system's basically 8-bit.
A child with a crayon could revolutionize engineering.
Don't let him wipe me, Mom! I fell in love, ran a country, visited Argentina and the Bonapines.
I can't lose those memories.
Um, I-I want to remember it too.
Dad, I think the kids should be allowed to do whatever they want with what you did to their brains.
Want a couple of matrix-crazy adults and child bodies? Good luck with that.
Yes, I beat you, Rick! You mess with the bull, you get the 34-year-old horns!
I'm gonna crush it in high school!
Give me a holler when this goes south.
There's literally no limit to what I can achieve.
Student body president, phallidictorian?
Or maybe just live this one day, sweet and bleeding.
Maybe just hold on to 17.
Cold much?
You're nipping out.
Oh, come on. We don't have to do these teenage girl stereotypes.
Your body violates our code of conduct, Missy. Go home and change.
But-
Your wiles won't get you anywhere with me.
Oh my God, she's had her principal vagina. She's nipping even harder!
Eat my ass, you shallow bitches!
Ha ha ha! Every time I think our friendship can't get any stronger.
I know, you're truly my sister.
Sigh.
School's not what you remember, huh?
I'm just embarrassed I let them get to me.
Those girls probably still believe people like them for their personality and that recycling is real.
Hey, do you have a bobby pin?
Yeah, here.
At least they're two dumb to do real damage.
It's like blunt force trauma as opposed to hot curling iron going slowly up your asshole.
Wow.
Which is how I describe my first marriage.
You got married in there?
The best part was I supported him while he worked on his music.
It's been there. It's like I can either be the primary earner or your mommy. I can be both.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
A third mimosa?
On a Wednesday afternoon.
Who are we?
Oh my God, I'm totally turning into my mother.
Girls.
I love this version of you. You're so self assured. I wish I had more of that.
Aw, Beth.
Can I call you Beth?
Absolutely, and I'll call you Summer.
Oh right, of course. You were able to achieve so much in there. Hashtag girl boss.
I hate when grown women call themselves girls.
Oh say me too. That was ironic.
Speaking of grown women, maybe it's time for a little upgrade.
Oh come on. Look at who you've become. You don't need some cliche makeover.
I meant for both of us. Do you just buy your shirts from Target or do you also work there?
Aw, Beth, I was joking. Part of my management style.
But isn't comedy just the revelation of an unacknowledged truth?
Think about it.
Let's get out of here girl. You need a blowout.
The hell are you doing Morty? Get your hands off my death race car.
The struts were a little off.
The struts were a little... Wow, okay. The struts were a little off.
Picked up a few skills when I was inside.
The Matrix.
Matrix Prison.
Oh, badass.
This is that death race on Vega 5, right? Space and land?
Yeah, actually.
Toss me a beer. I think we should add a snorkel intake to the engine block.
Damn Morty. Maybe I should leave you in a Matrix more often.
Morty, what are you doing?
I'm getting rich attention.
Free!
Fuck you! None of this is real.
Morty, run!
Hey, thieves! Never take what's not yours! Especially if it's a phone charger!
Big, we're sorry we stole your phone charger. We learned our lesson. Now let us out!
If that was going to work, we would have been ejected by now!
You have the right to remain plugged in. Any charger you still can't, it will be used against you.
Summer, help!
Sorry, Morty, but one of us has to find a way out of here.
Summer!
So... CJ?
If you're remembering a bunch of stuff, you have to say it out loud.
I... I just missed them.
You know what, pal? I think that engine snorkel's a good idea. Bottoms up!
Wow, you can really pull that luck off. I could never go short.
It's called disruption. If you don't take risks, you don't grow.
For me, this is pretty bold.
I guess everyone has to start somewhere.
What do you think of this?
I think there was a reason it was on the clearance rack.
I thought you wanted to feel more confident.
Now this says confidence.
It also says $3,000.
Who's going to invest in you if you won't invest in yourself?
My job is to invest in your college fund, Summer.
First of all, I already graduated Charger cum laude, with a major in Chargers and a minor in...
Let me guess.
English Lit.
Beth, I can't make you 17 again, but I can give this gift of knowledge. Life is slipping away.
It's time to make some big changes or get comfortable with some big regrets.
So, are you going to buy me this suit or what?
And steel plates.
Good stuff!
Oh, look at that, Rick. They got a seal on Rebar.
Oh, hell yeah! Buy two Rebar, get one free bar?
Matrix, Morty's got an eye for a deal.
I got a hand it to you. This feels pretty good.
Good old American craftsmanship, Morty.
Feels good to use your hands.
Oh, she's purring like an oily little kitten.
Wow, you guys are really spreading out onto the lawn, huh?
Ah, suburbia.
Dad, can I talk to you?
Listen, if this is about the beers, Morty's cool.
He has like four purple hearts.
Five! Those in a nickel will get you a cup of coffee.
Oh, disillusioned, Morty. Love this guy.
Listen, Beth, if you want to judge someone, call Jerry.
I can't. My phone's dead.
I had to film turns of every outfit Summer tried on.
You need a charger? Use mine.
Oh, okay. You sure?
Oh, yeah, you're going to give that back, right?
Because I can't impress upon you.
Oh, my God!
Hey, Paul!
No, no! CJ!
Drop block! Marma Duke!
Hey, Paul. He didn't make it.
Wait, we saw you die, man!
I can't.
I got you. I got you.
I can't. I can't die.
I-I got you. I got you.
I can't. I, I can't die!
Ahhh!
Just take whatever you want.
Nothing out here fucking matters.
Wonder who he learned that from.
Probably someone too tamed by neoliberal group think to buy a cool jacket.
Dad, I think maybe you were right on this one.
Beth, that's not how it works. You gotta press it up against their head.
You just tried to mind blow me.
Summer! Get back here!
This is for your own good!
No, it's for your own good.
I thought you were my friend, bitch.
My friend?
Don't talk to me like that.
Because you don't have any!
Hey!
All I want is to live my best life.
You're too scared to even try.
Did you just hot wire that car?
Yes.
Summer!
We're boomers!
Damn, that got out of hand fast.
Well, I told her it would.
Smart man.
Here, check this out.
Me and CJ came up with it during the siege of the Three Prong Mountains.
We were holed up with nothing but these old Nokia 3.5s.
Had to use a little something we called the Reg Rock.
Try her out.
Chargers spelled backwards.
Cute. What's it do?
Holds the charge right out of man's heart.
Thanks for the ride, Rick.
Also, I didn't know Summer was gonna hijack a vehicle too.
I've been planning this a lot longer than her.
Anyway.
Cool tank!
No!
No, no, no, no, no!
Something that matters, sir.
You wouldn't be putting people in matrixes, would you?
What?
Cause that's something you should never do.
Seriously, Morty? You're that uncreative?
Who's Morty?
Is that someone you put in a matrix?
Yes!
The seemingly unstoppable and pretty cool looking vehicle
is now heading towards a power plant at the center of Power Plant Valley,
the well-known nexus of America's power grid.
Why create this unstoppable death machine?
Its driver, 14-year-old Morty Smith, has this to say.
Coming to a wolf's house and pissing its bed,
you're gonna get bit!
That's just the nature of the wolf!
How's the nutty pot coming, Summer?
So good.
I feel grounded, free of toxins.
Go away, I need my space.
I can't believe how fast you got established in Santa Fe.
The wellness industry picked me up at the city limits.
They place all lost middle-aged women in a residential pottery studio with meditation elements.
I'm looking to be in connection with the mountains?
Get the cacao and the harmonium.
Honey, you shouldn't have to be a lost middle-aged woman yet.
Take it for me, it sucks.
And the joy of being 17 is not knowing anything,
including how hard it's gonna get.
Yeah, I guess I'm sorry for what I said.
I just don't know how to be your friend.
You don't have to be. You're my daughter.
Wow, I hate that I'm saying this, but the energy here feels amazing.
That's called community.
And if we had more of it in this world, less factory-farmed beef,
our little boys wouldn't be driving tanks into nuclear power plants.
That sounds too specific to be a metaphor.
Holy, you're doing this with power on the wall. Holy, it's charging!
See? Beef brain.
Oh, God, I have to stop him.
You know how?
I'm a tech CEO, so even if I don't, I'll pretend I do.
Mom, hold my calls.
Mom? Hmm, I like the sound of that.
I'll just need a credit card.
Please, sir, not in the Matrix.
You shouldn't put people in Matrixes.
Uh-huh.
What the f...
Oh.
Matrix, my ass!
111, stop!
This better be death race related.
No.
CJ!
CJ! CJ!
She's beautiful, isn't she?
Marty, I never had a brother...
...until you...
...power.
Death to charge area!
Oh.
We got him.
Osama been charging his dead.
Full hearts, full charge.
He's coming down!
Sweet Christ, Power Plant Valley is breached! I repeat, breached!
He's getting too close!
If he reaches the central power plant, it'll trigger a chain reaction that brings us North America uninhabitable.
But also takes out all cell phones.
Fear not, guard number two.
The mode was installed for this exact scenario.
Is that a tank on Earth?
It can cross that water.
Oh shit, it's got a snorkel!
Cross!
Marty!
None of this will bring CJ back!
Keep his name out of your mouth!
Whose name?
Christopher James Motorola, charging first class!
What do you know about CJ?
This is all my fault, Marty.
You were the only real thing in there, but I didn't treat you like you mattered.
You couldn't have known what would happen in that war.
But I did know, Marty.
I did know.
Once I understood the rules of the Matrix, taking power was easy.
But making power wasn't.
There was only one way to make the charging science work.
All the lithium we could get our hands on.
We got it!
We could fix it, right?
We could fix it?
No one can know about this.
It was a brutal war, but I knew we'd win it.
Because we had you.
An ex-con with no future, no family, no way to die.
Marty, I never had a brother.
To you?
You could have had a different life.
I could have given it to you.
We got him!
Osama been charging us dead.
Thank you, soldier.
Full hearts, full charge.
We're the lithium rich!
You were my greatest asset and my darkest shame.
I also had your phones bugged, a tracking chip put in your spine,
and all those birds you liked to feed were spy cameras built by the government.
My finches?
I know you lost a brother in there.
Don't make me lose you.
It's like the pain is all I have left of him, but he's gone.
He never existed in the first place.
Don't say that.
Without you and your friends, we never would have escaped the Matrix.
Rick, he would have woken up and let us out.
On whose terms?
He would have wiped us clean before our eyes were open,
and then they'd really be gone, all of them.
CJ, Chop, Block, Marmot, Duke, um...
A-ball, Jesus!
I'm sorry, Morty.
You get to decide now.
What do you want to do?
I want to go home.
Yeah, let's go home.
It's okay.
Um, I'm all right now.
It's not you who we were worried about.
Yeah, this is exactly why you shouldn't steal your grandpa's inventions.
What?
He said, never steal your grandpa's inventions.
No!
Fuck her!
Matrix pieces!
Fuck the Matrix pieces!
No, no, no, no!
Stop!
You all easy guys.
Christ, you're not in a Matrix.
You're not in a Matrix.
Rick, what the fuck?
This NPC was trying to teach us a lesson.
I was just saying, not to steal such dangerous technology.
Your grandpa's obviously a genius.
Steve!
That's an actual guy, making several obvious and valid statements.
Beer later?
I think my nose is broken.
Oh, come on!
We're Chernobyl! We're Chernobyl!
Rick, are you gonna...
Yes!
What the hell?
That's anti-radiation gel.
Your tits and bits will thank me later.
What the hell?
So, nuclear reactor, huh?
I have PTSD!
Thank you for your service.
Oh, oh my God!
You saved us from the...
The worst meltdown in American history?
Yeah, I'm gonna leave this with you.
Sign here.
Tip.
Uh, I don't see an option lower than 20%.
There isn't one.
Ooh!
Mike, wanna keep that gel on for a little while.
Alright, is there anything else we need to do?
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
I'm gonna remember him, but I'm gonna miss you.
You won't have to.
I have a feeling things are gonna be different now.
Ready to be kids again?
More than you know.
Yeah.
What'd you do to us?
What the fuck is on my arm, Rick?
It beats me.
You asked for it.
What? Why?
Whatever.
I'm meeting friends to throw shopping carts into the quarry.
Oh jeez!
Oh no, Ricky!
You gotta get this off of me!
It makes me uncomfortable!
You can do, pal.
Made a promise to an old friend.
What the hell?
Ugh, send a text.
Yo, Trisha, what are we having tonight, bitch?
Can I help you?
Beth, it's time to come clean.
We lost women.
Feast on the young to stay middle-aged.
So you're vampires?
Why not feed till you're young?
Because not everyone has your fucked-up values, Beth!
And it's unfortunately,
dreadful, and unbearable.
What values, Beth?
And it's unfortunately,
drink or be drunk.
Oh come on!
I thought that was wine, Mom Talk!
The sun turns you to dust and you picked Santa Fe?
That's on you.
In the dark!
Did you get any of that?